♪
I'm gonna high five the sky!
(Ray) Yuma.
This is for you.
Whoa... for me?
Yes; Headquarters wanted to
acknowledge your achievements.
I got a--
Shh, keep your voice down!
This is our secret, remember?
Sorry.
Listen, Yuma, you know
Dr. Faker's son, Kite,
don't you?
Yeah, I do.
Heads up!
♪
♪ Still together as one
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep, beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
(Orbital 7)
Master Kite
is such a nag.
What have you learned
about the Barians?
I wish Master Kite
would take a vacation
so I could power down
and recharge my batteries.
I can't see, I can't see!
♪
Stupid litterbugs!
Without you my darling my
life would have no meaning.
You are my universe.
All of your dreams
will come true.
♪
Why, how you may ask?
Simply because I love you.
♪
It feels like a
strange power surge
just ran through my circuits.
(Narrator)
--whole world fall in love.
See "Song of Romance"
coming to hearts everywhere,
and a theater near you.
(Orbital 7)
What's going on?
Everybody's all paired up!
♪
I've never seen
such ridiculous,
repulsive behavior.
I'm getting back to work.
♪
You clumsy junk bucket.
Why don't you watch
where you're going?
♪
Hello, please excuse my
bodily malfunctions, I'm--
Shut your flap, scrap!
(screaming)
♪
Out of my way
you hunk of junk!
♪
What's going on?
What's this noise
inside the IC pathway?
Unable to analyze,
unable to analyze.
♪
You are--
--My universe.
(Kite)
Orbital 7, did you find
anything new about the Barians?
♪
Orbital 7.
Yes, Master Kite?
What is the data
on the Barians?
Oh, right, the Barians make
the whole world
fall in love, I mean.
Stop your daydreaming
and get to work.
Yes, Master Kite.
♪
I can't think of
anything but her!
♪
(man on TV)
Without you my darling, my
life would have no meaning.
You are my universe.
All of your dreams
will come true.
Why, how you may ask?
Simply because I love you.
♪
Yes, that's it.
I've fallen in love!
♪
I wonder what her name is.
Must be something beautiful,
like her perfectly
stainless steel exterior.
Oh, it doesn't matter whatever
her name is, I must find her.
I must find her and
declare my undying love!
Beep beep!
(yelling)
♪
Shopping completed.
Must be in love.
It's her!
Wait, wait, please come--
She must have dropped this.
"Save me."
My love is in danger!
♪
This is where that
villain, Yuma lives!
My poor dear.
Hey, bring me some juice now!
Yes, Master Yuma, right away.
Here it is.
♪
Bot brain!
When I say "juice"
I mean "tomato"!
♪
I should recycle you!
No wonder my darling
needs to be rescued.
You're a monster, Yuma Tsukumo!
You'll pay for this!
♪
I'm home, I'm home, I'm home.
Hi, Lilly.
So how did
the shopping go?
I got everything on your list.
Let's see.
We have salt...
veggies...
delicious meat.
And last but not least eggs.
You are so
dependable, Lillybot.
That's right, unlike
some people we know.
I'm starving,
anything to eat?
Well, well, look who
decided to get out of bed.
Wake up, dumbbell!
Yuma Tsukumo.
I can easily defeat that clumsy,
clueless cretin in a duel...
though his battle with
Master Kite was a close one.
♪
I must be on my guard.
Hey Ray, you wanna
have a duel with me?
You know I do!
(Orbital 7)
Yuma Tsukumo!
(Yuma) Orbital?
So where's the costume party?
There is no costume
party, Yuma Tsukumo!
I challenge you to a duel!
If I win, you must
release your robot prisoner!
You mean Lillybot?
Her name is Lillybot!
Lillybot!
I've never heard a
more beautiful sound!
Release my Lillybot,
you scoundrel.
You got that?
No, I'm afraid
I don't got that.
I don't care if you
get it or not, Yuma!
Lillybot's on the line and
we're dueling for her freedom!
♪
(Yuma)
Hey!
(Tori)
Sorry to keep
you waiting!
There's Lillybot!
Just hang on, my darling.
Your Orby-Worby
will rescue you!
♪
Your reign of
tyranny is almost over!
Let's battle!
You got it, let's get started!
(Astral)
Yuma.
I have seen you lose
to a vending machine.
Are you sure you this is wise?
Yeah.
On guard!
♪
Duel Disk go!
Duel Gazer let's roll!
(Computer Voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll go first.
How about a change of scenery?
I activate the field
spell Robocircus!
♪
I'm the ringmaster,
here, you clown!
♪
I summon Super
Defense Robot Lio!
♪
Then Robocircus'
effect activates!
I can summon another Super
Defense Robot from my hand!
Come out!
Super Defense Robot Elephan!
♪
Check out those super
duper cool robots!
A Level 8 monster.
I do not think this
will be cool for you!
I never understood the
big deal about robots.
That's 'cause
they're not a big deal.
They're bigger than a big deal.
They're like
robo-tacular deals!
It's time to take this
duel to the next level!
When Super Defense Robot
Lio is on the field
with another Super Defense
Robot, it doubles its Level!
♪
Whoa.
Two Level 8 monsters on the
first turn is most impressive.
Beware, Yuma.
I'm not scared.
I overlay Level 8 Robot
Lio and Robot Elephan!
♪
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon!
♪
3,000 attack points!
You've never seen a monster
like this, Yuma Tsukumo!
♪
(Orbital 7)
You've never seen a monster
like this, Yuma Tsukumo!
♪
What do you think
of my Drum Dragon?
Your Drum looks easy to beat.
We'll see who beats
who, you wiseguy!
Now I end my turn!
All right, here I go!
♪
I summon Achacha Archer!
And now Orbital 7,
you lose 500 life points
due to Achacha Archer's
special ability.
♪
Next I summon Bite Bug
and eat away 300 of your
Dragon's attack points!
♪
(belching)
What?
Now I overlay my Level 3
Bite Bug and Achacha Archer!
♪
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Muzurhythm
the String Djinn!
♪
You can't do much with
those attack points.
Maybe not.
But when Muzurhythm
battles an Xyz Monster
and uses an Overlay Unit,
its attack points double.
♪
Go, Muzurhythm!
Attack Googly-Eyes
with Rhythmic String!
♪
Googly-Eyes
got played!
♪
Oh yeah!
With that I end my turn.
And now...
Muzurhythm's attack
points return to normal.
♪
I guess you could say it put the
beat down on your Drum Dragon.
Poor Orbital 7.
♪
Don't worry, Lillybot.
Things may look grim,
but I won't give up.
I promise to defeat
Yuma and save you.
My turn, I draw!
I activate the spell
card Garbage Collection.
By banishing two Machine
monsters from my graveyard,
I can bring back one Machine
Xyz Monster from my graveyard!
♪
Uh-oh.
Come back,
Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon!
♪
Next I summon Super
Defense Robot Monki.
Since I summoned
a Machine monster,
Robocircus' effect
activates again!
♪
I get to summon another
Super Defense Robot Monki!
♪
Now due to their
special ability,
both of my Super
Defense Robot Monkis
become Overlay
Units for Googly-Eyes!
Now the real battle begins!
I activate Googly-Eyes'
special ability!
When this monster is recycled
back from the scrap heap,
it can use one Overlay Unit to
gain a thousand attack points!
But I'll use two to
gain 2,000 attack points!
♪
It's got 5,000 points.
This is not good.
Googly-Eyes,
attack Muzurhythm!
Slime Stream of Destruction!
♪
Your Muzurhythm got
played and so did you!
Whenever Googly-Eyes
pulls itself together...
♪
that's when it starts
making beautiful music!
And it scores with a major hit!
Having you destroy Googly-Eyes
was what Orbital wanted.
Yeah, well, that
dragon is finished!
♪
I summon Crane Crane!
I activate Crane Crane's
special ability.
♪
I can summon one Level 3
monster from my graveyard!
I summon Achacha Archer!
♪
And remember when
Achacha Archer's summoned,
you take 500 points of damage!
♪
But by putting a stop
to this special ability,
I can summon Achacha Chanbara!
♪
When Achacha Chanbara
gets summoned,
you take 400 points of damage!
♪
400 points?
That's not gonna stop me!
Nice move, Yuma!
That move was
anything but nice.
Lillybot, you're--
you're rooting for me!
Orbital.
Your devotion will inspire me.
Yuma duels as bad as he smells.
As I was about
to say, Orbital,
when a Level 3
monster's on my field,
I can summon
Mimimic from my hand!
♪
I overlay Level 3 Achacha
Archer and Achacha Chanbara!
With these two monsters, I
build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
You're about to get beat by
Temtempo the Percussion Djinn!
♪
For an encore I overlay Level
3 Mimimic and Crane Crane!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay
Network and Xyz Summon!
It's time to face the music,
with Melomelody the Brass Djinn!
♪
Now I activate the spell
Resurrection March!
I don't think you're gonna
like the sound of this, Orbital.
With the power of this card,
I can re-summon another Djinn
monster from the graveyard.
Rejoin the band,
Muzurhythm the String Djinn!
♪
This is more like a
concert than a duel!
You're right, Tori.
But Yuma's gotta
face the music:
Googly-Eyes is ready
to close the show!
Yuma, Googly-Eyes
Drum Dragon is stronger
than any of your monsters.
What now?
No sweat.
Next up, I activate the
spell card Djinn Orchestra!
Your monster
loses attack points
equal to the total attack
points of my Djinns!
♪
Oh, no!
His three Djinns have
4600 attack points!
♪
It's time to strike up the band!
Now Googly-Eyes only
has 400 attack points!
♪
My little Googly-Eyes!
Finish this, Yuma!
Okay.
Here's the big finale!
Attack Googly-Eyes
with Drumbeat Beatdown!
♪
This is not music
to my sensors.
(Yuma)
Go Melody Wave!
♪
String Djinn, attack!
Rhythmic String!
♪
All right!
You have thwarted Orbital 7's
heroic aspirations, Yuma.
I know.
And I stopped him from
getting what he wanted too.
Hey, Orbital, let's do
this again sometime.
♪
I thought this might happen
so I prepared
something special for you.
♪
Get ready, Yuma,
here it comes!
Yuma, it is almost dinnertime!
Lillybot!
♪
No!
(explosions)
♪
Oh...sorry.
Why'd you think I was
mistreating Lillybot?
Because you
are thoughtless,
selfish, and rude.
Ixnay on the oughtlessthay.
But he is nicer
than his breath.
So I guess this whole battle
was one big misunderstanding
between Orbital and Yuma.
Orbital, tell us.
Do you have a
crush on Lillybot?
What would give
you that idea!
♪
Well, now, I think it's time
you two should be
properly introduced.
No, no, I don't think I--
Orbital 7,
this is Lillybot.
Nice to meet you.
I may need a reboot!
♪
(Kite)
You seem happy
about something.
Master Kite!
I'll have the Barian
report right--
You almost had him
with your Googly-Eyes.
♪
Thanks, Master Kite.
You're the best!
♪